README.md, before:

# GSoC_19_Perceval_Implementations

### Introduction and Usage
CHAOSS has several working groups working on different focus areas to allow for an easier understanding of open source projects and communities. These metrics require good reference implementations to aid in understanding of their definitions and also to gauge their effectiveness. 

This repository tracks the progress of the project Implementing CHAOSS metrics with Perceval for GSoC 2019. It will house interactions with the mentors for this project, links to related blog posts, files and folders worked on as well related issues and pull requests. 


### Structure

.   
├── contributions.md  
├── IRC_chats  
│   └── README.md  
└── README.md  


### Blog posts  
All GSoC posts can be found [here](https://polaris000.github.io/tags/GSoC).  


### IRC Chats
There are frequent and regular interactions with mentors, held via freenode IRC on #grimoirelab. Chat logs are present in the [IRC_chats](./IRC_chats) folder. 


### Microtasks
The journey began with the microtask submissions. Problem statements can be found in the GSoC project issue here while my submissions can be found in [this](https://github.com/Polaris000/Chaoss_19_Microtasks) repository. 


### Contributions (Post - selection)
My tangible contributions (in the form of pull requests and issues I have created) will be updated here. For my pre-community bonding period contributions, please have a look at this file.

Commit message:

Add proposal link
Signed-off-by: Aniruddha Karajgi <akarajgi0@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# GSoC_19_Perceval_Implementations

### Introduction and Usage
CHAOSS has several working groups working on different focus areas to allow for an easier understanding of open source projects and communities. These metrics require good reference implementations to aid in understanding of their definitions and also to gauge their effectiveness. 

This repository tracks the progress of the project Implementing CHAOSS metrics with Perceval for GSoC 2019. It will house interactions with the mentors for this project, links to related blog posts, files and folders worked on as well related issues and pull requests. 


### Structure

.   
├── contributions.md  
├── IRC_chats  
│   └── README.md  
└── README.md  


### Blog posts  
All GSoC posts can be found [here](https://polaris000.github.io/tags/GSoC).  


### IRC Chats
There are frequent and regular interactions with mentors, held via freenode IRC on #grimoirelab. Chat logs are present in the [IRC_chats](./IRC_chats) folder. 


### Microtasks
The journey began with the microtask submissions. Problem statements can be found in the GSoC project issue here while my submissions can be found in [this](https://github.com/Polaris000/Chaoss_19_Microtasks) repository. 


### Contributions (Post - selection)
My tangible contributions (in the form of pull requests and issues I have created) will be updated here. For my pre-community bonding period contributions, please have a look at this file.   

### Proposal
My proposal for this project can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i5XCEY_28qE1w8Lsj4ZSqkvZQnElU7vq1F0chBtUxwY/edit#).
