Date: Tuesday 23 July 2019
Participants: valcos, Polaris000, aswanipranjal
Start_Time: 4:30:59 PM IST
End_Time: 5:02:53 PM IST
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[4:30:59 PM IST] Join	You (~Polaris00@124.123.75.129) have joined the channel #grimoirelab.
[4:31:00 PM IST] Mode	Channel modes: no colors allowed, no messages from outside, topic protection
[4:31:00 PM IST] Created	This channel was created on 28/08/17 10:32 PM.
[4:31:10 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Hi aswanipranjal
[4:31:21 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	Hey Polaris000 !
[4:31:38 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Lets wait a few minutes for valcos
[4:32:15 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	sure
[4:32:27 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	how is the progress? Any blockers till now?
[4:33:06 PM IST] <Polaris000>	progress is fine.. not many metrics left to implement. should be done by the end of this week
[4:33:12 PM IST] <Polaris000>	But,
[4:33:28 PM IST] <Polaris000>	there are a few issues which i was unable to resolve
[4:33:54 PM IST] <Polaris000>	They are very minor
[4:34:13 PM IST] <Polaris000>	For example, the structure kind of forces us to use relative imports
[4:34:19 PM IST] <Polaris000>	which jgbarah does not agree with
[4:34:31 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	Ah, okay. Have you been stuck with them long?
[4:34:56 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Well, they were raised a while ago, but kind of put on the back burner since they werent important
[4:35:07 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Like I said, very minor
[4:36:49 PM IST] <Polaris000>	We also had to discuss a way to integrate travis ci
[4:36:59 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	yeah, we need to fix the relative imports problem
[4:38:22 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	> We also had to discuss a way to integrate travis ci
[4:38:22 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	yes
[4:38:42 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	have you read the docs on how to do that?
[4:39:01 PM IST] Join	valcos (~valcos@2a0c:5a80:360b:4500:a0b7:e017:2c40:1cc0) has joined this channel.
[4:39:07 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Hi valcos!
[4:39:15 PM IST] <valcos>	hi Polaris000 aswanipranjal
[4:39:20 PM IST] <valcos>	sorry for being late!
[4:39:26 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	Hey valcos!
[4:39:29 PM IST] <valcos>	how are you doing?
[4:39:44 PM IST] <Polaris000>	I'm great, hope you are doing well
[4:39:55 PM IST] <valcos>	yes! thanks!
[4:40:04 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Should we start then?
[4:40:10 PM IST] <valcos>	yes!
[4:40:21 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	yes please
[4:41:17 PM IST] <Polaris000>	So, over the past few days, as usual I have been adding implementations and tests. I have added several and I think I should be done by the end of this week or the start of the next week
[4:41:48 PM IST] <valcos>	OK, thanks for the summary Polaris000
[4:41:53 PM IST] <Polaris000>	I have added all commit related metrics and about 5-6 are remaining (issues and pull requests) for the non-pandas hierarchy
[4:42:26 PM IST] <Polaris000>	The biggest problem I see is fixing relative imports
[4:42:43 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, I can have a look if you want
[4:42:49 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Yes, please
[4:43:18 PM IST] <valcos>	can you pass the repo?
[4:43:30 PM IST] <valcos>	beyond this, there are other potential blockers?
[4:43:48 PM IST] <Polaris000>	https://github.com/chaoss/wg-evolution/tree/master/implementations/code_df
[4:44:14 PM IST] <Polaris000>	None as of now, thanks valcos
[4:44:29 PM IST] <valcos>	good news then :)
[4:44:39 PM IST] <Polaris000>	:)
[4:44:51 PM IST] <valcos>	what about the travis integration Jesus was suggesting?
[4:44:57 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Yes,
[4:45:21 PM IST] <Polaris000>	I don't think the integration is difficult and the .yml file setup should be very simple
[4:45:32 PM IST] <Polaris000>	But the relative imports means that tests won't run
[4:45:43 PM IST] <Polaris000>	without converting absolute to relative imports
[4:46:03 PM IST] <Polaris000>	The travis.yml file can be something similar to grimoirelab-perceval
[4:46:19 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Maybe to start off, we could leave out the coveralls
[4:46:38 PM IST] <Polaris000>	What do you think?
[4:47:07 PM IST] <valcos>	sounds good! I have to check the code, but I like the idea
[4:47:16 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Great thanks!
[4:47:18 PM IST] <valcos>	should we open an issue in wg-evolution to discuss about it?
[4:47:22 PM IST] <valcos>	you're welcome
[4:47:33 PM IST] <Polaris000>	https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-perceval/blob/master/.travis.yml -> I was talking about this
[4:47:44 PM IST] <Polaris000>	SUre I'll open an issue
[4:47:52 PM IST] <valcos>	yes! thanks for the pointer
[4:47:57 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Do you have write access to the repo?
[4:48:10 PM IST] <Polaris000>	wg-evolution
[4:48:34 PM IST] <valcos>	I don't
[4:49:09 PM IST] <valcos>	I'll ask @germonprez to add me
[4:49:11 PM IST] <Polaris000>	I think only those with write access can setup the build..?
[4:49:46 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Great!
[4:50:30 PM IST] <valcos>	I'll have a look at the code and ping you
[4:50:54 PM IST] <valcos>	if you are on googlehangouts I can write you there (this won't replace the weekly meeting)
[4:51:08 PM IST] <valcos>	otherwise I can be connected to IRC
[4:51:57 PM IST] <valcos>	with Nishchith (the other GSoC student) we use googlehangouts for quick questions or feedback
[4:52:01 PM IST] <valcos>	to reduce blockers
[4:52:18 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Oh, I didn't know that. GOod idea!
[4:52:19 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Thanks
[4:52:44 PM IST] <valcos>	cool! I've just sent Matt an email
[4:53:00 PM IST] <Polaris000>	https://github.com/chaoss/wg-evolution/issues/225
[4:53:08 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Issue for discussion (if required)
[4:53:09 PM IST] <valcos>	(about granting write permission on wg-evolution)
[4:53:23 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Great, thanks valcos
[4:54:09 PM IST] <valcos>	thank you Polaris000 and aswanipranjal for your time
[4:54:23 PM IST] <valcos>	if you don't have any questions/remarks we could end the meeting
[4:54:26 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	thanks valcos, Polaris000!
[4:54:26 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Just a sec please
[4:54:31 PM IST] <valcos>	yes!
[4:54:40 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	go ahead Polaris000
[4:55:23 PM IST] <Polaris000>	https://github.com/chaoss/wg-evolution/pull/203#discussion_r303256380
[4:55:57 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Do you know of a good way to replicate the function of time series in pandas? jgbarah said its not necessary, but I think it would be cool to still do it
[4:56:22 PM IST] <Polaris000>	I tried a few things as mentioned in my comment and even asked on stackoverflow
[4:56:29 PM IST] <Polaris000>	But no one answered yet
[4:57:34 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Basically, I want to implement the resample method without using pandas
[4:58:24 PM IST] <valcos>	at the moment I don't know a good way to replicate that function in pandas
[4:58:28 PM IST] <valcos>	I can have a look
[4:58:35 PM IST] <valcos>	@aswanipranjal, any idea?
[4:58:50 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	None as of now valcos, I am looking into it though
[4:59:33 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Thanks for the help! Please, do it only if convenient
[4:59:48 PM IST] <Polaris000>	This is not an absolute necessity for the project
[5:00:22 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, perfect
[5:00:45 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	will do Polaris000
[5:00:48 PM IST] <Polaris000>	That is all from my side!
[5:01:04 PM IST] <valcos>	thank you Polaris000 and aswanipranjal for your time
[5:01:11 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Thanks valcos and aswanipranjal
[5:01:12 PM IST] <aswanipranjal>	thanks valcos Polaris000!
[5:01:17 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Bye all!
[5:01:24 PM IST] <valcos>	talk you on Friday for the weekly meeting, right?
[5:01:28 PM IST] <Polaris000>	yes
[5:01:50 PM IST] <Polaris000>	at 14:00 CEST
[5:02:08 PM IST] <valcos>	don't forget that you can already submit the 2nd evaluation
[5:02:12 PM IST] <valcos>	great, thanks!
[5:02:24 PM IST] <Polaris000>	yes, thanks valcos
[5:02:44 PM IST] <Polaris000>	Bye!
[5:02:48 PM IST] <valcos>	bye!
[5:02:53 PM IST] Part	You (~Polaris00@124.123.75.129) have left channel #grimoirelab ("Konversation terminated!").
